
## Alisha's Works
### Links
[Creative Works](#a-collection-of-writings) <br/><br/>
[Critiques and Opinions](#critiques-and-opinions) <br/> <br/>
[Jazz/Music Recs](#jazz-music) <br/> <br/>

### A Collection of Writings 
#### A Sermon:
My podium is tall, brown, and carries within it a sense of venerability that only the most deceitful can dream of. My imp like legs find it difficult to balance on the stilts they stand on, yet with my limp I arrive squarely at my destination—the head of the assembly. I draw a piece of paper folded crisply in half from my coat pocket. The bodies of the assembly were paused, but I felt their souls dancing across the room in anticipation of my groundbreaking words. I start with a wisecrack about Jesus or something and glance at the clock, my brain hears the ticks which my ears cannot. My heart pants as if it has just run a marathon and a tsunami hits my forehead. My legs push off my tall stilts and my hands thrust the black suit glued to my body into the assembly. I am bare in front of my onlookers. I am bare and I am not proud. A woman in the crowd suddenly resumes her movement. She gazes up, the full sight of her pretty curls obstructed by the straw sun hat she chose to adorn her head with. Her straw hat that so evidently was out of place for her gloved hands sat neatly one atop the other, her thin legs crossed each other creating the perfect “X.” Her feet were outfitted with heels bedazzled with pearls. Her hot pink dress fiercely grasped her tiny waist and thick curves. Her nose was tiny. Her nose was tiny. But her straw hat looked as if it had been plucked off the top of a homeless person’s head. It seemed like an illusion, waiting to dissipate into space. Questions. Questions fluttered through my mind like butterflies who had found an open field. Questions like who was this straw hatted woman and why did she gaze up? Questions like who on earth would wear such a vile straw hat? My patience was wearing thin. Thinner yet. My eyes shut and then my eyelids slowly elevate. I see the woman’s eyes now. Black. Questions like. Questions like how long could I contain myself before I lunged? Questions like how long would it take for me to carve this woman’s face into a trophy? Questions how they swarm. Questions like. Questions like. Questions like. Questions like. 
#### The Girl in the White Dress
Dear reader, there is a story which my mother used to tell me that comes to mind here. It was about a young girl wrapped in a white dress which flowed in the cold, misty June wind. Her feet were adorned with the whitest of ballet slippers, whose ribbons tied up to her knees - her head graced with a crown weaved of thorns. She was being dragged by two older, burly men dressed like lumberjacks to the back of a forest, with trees the color of the night sky. Behind the trees extending upwards to the gray clouds and besides unfurling green thorn bushes, she was supposed to rest. The two older gents placed her nimble body down besides the bush, and started to unearth a grave in the dead of night. When they were done, they pushed her body into the rectangular prison - feet first she went. Her body slid into the hole, like trash slides into the disposal. The two burly men glanced at one another, and then stood over the grave of the girl in white. They examined her face, her breasts, her thighs, and her blonde hair for one last time - their inner necrophilic awakening. One man crouched down besides the grave, and the other grabbed a shovel—just like that, the girl of the white dress had been deposited. Somberly, the two cutters of woods tango into the mist of that foggy night. The girl of the white dress is forgotten by everyone until the brown subdued sunlight slapped the girl out of her slumber. She let out a scream, turning the heads of the nearby grazing moose and geese - unfortunately, they could not help her. Emotion boiled every inch of her skin to a pulp red - she was not just fearful, she was fucking angry. Her corpse-like hands momentarily became possessed by the hands of Ali as she grabbed soil in the handful. They could not put her here to die unless she let them. 
#### The Lady:
With every step I take I seem to drain the ground of any light it possibly could receive. Everywhere I set my foot turns to resemble a dimly lit alleyway, garbage littered about, the walls constricting my view of the outside. I know I am alone, yet I always make sure to look over my shoulder, not because I’m afraid of someone delivering a fatal blow from behind, but because I am afraid of the consequences of my own subterfuge. A woman walks past me. Bony, with a bright pink blouse and matching hot pink wedges. Her hair done neatly in a bun and her skin pale as the walls of a kindergarten class. She wore a white cardigan bestrewn in holes, but her black jeans had none of that. Her lustrous pearl earrings jangled as she approached me. She was simply gorgeous– with every step she took the ground became infused with more and more and more-light. She returned the soul to the ground around me, and the tiles of my alleyway sporadically flipped to reveal that I had been standing in Eden all along. Before me, a bright orange rose unfolded its petals revealing long streaks of green and tiny yellow seeds. One petal drooped all the way to my feet, beckoning me to enter its kingdom of pollen. Swifty I raised my right hand and returned the depressed petal to its rightful position. I diverted my gaze downward to see the flare of pink sparkling from my feet and my crooked mouth corners molded upwards. 
#### Floral Suburbia:
I pass a field of flowers on my way home from school every day. At the intersection of two vacant long streets of suburban American hell there is a meadow with flowers so grand they sparkle as if bathed in glitter and pixie dust. On my way home from school sometimes I will stop and watch the morning dew glisten atop the soft flower beds. I am meticulous in my attention to detail for I am on a quest - I am in search of a very special flower - one which I may pluck. I do not condone the death of more flowers than necessary. I must say now that I am many things - but wasteful is not one. But dear reader, you must understand - this flower is the one. It is the one I must grip before going to bed at night, the one whose glance makes everything all right. I had seen my special flower once, she was brown and wilted at the time - mourning the loss of her beauty no doubt. As the skies changed color and the leaves turned over I came across the infamous one again. She had changed tenfold by then - only recognizable to the eye of an especially skilled floral critic.  Its stem was vibrant green, its leaves unfurling in the sprung spring. Overcoming the harsh autumn browns, the flower was bright with orange hues to head bestrewn in passive hints of yellow. My breathtaking love died the following spring for she could not bear the ill comprehension of her own beauty. Now, I have an image of a flower in my mind, one graced with gifts from heaven after put through trials of hell. This flower will be the prettiest flower ever sprung in this spring time. 
#### True Stories:
Opposite from my brother, I sat on a curved bright red bench, my face plastered with makeup. On my right sat an Asian woman with pin straight black hair scrolling past various Chinese women eating savory dishes on the deathtrap of Instagram. Across from me sat a narcissistic wasian man who had a love affair with all things gray. My brother, busy shoving a banana down his throat as if it were a cock, did not notice the shadow gaining miles on the tabletop in front of him. My mascara’d eyes ticked upwards and I saw the shadow man for the first time. <br/> <br/>
A small cement alcove exists in the back of the tiny hellscape, overlooking a field planted with seeds of memories. I sit there now as I did once before. Many, many, many days ago I sat in this very spot while the rain poured, and I watched on as he sat in his blue jeans and purple shirt on the cement ledge, unfazed by the water his hair was soaking up. I sat safely in my hooded alcove for I did not want any runny mascara to send the man running - I asked him to tell me all about himself. Time became a farce as we spoke to one another, and from my chest emanated light creating a rainbow around his head. I was late to Spanish class that day, but I remember walking to my brother and telling him that I was ecstatic—I had finally found a friend. Now, I propel my lonely body off the lifeless cement floor. The only thing of note about this day is that it is sunny and it is cold. <br/> <br/>
On the second floor of the hot, burning red building there exists a room, nested secretly all the way in the back. Its floor is designed to extract heat from the body of whomever comes into contact with it, but the floor was our favorite place. In the light of the projector in this dark and empty room we sat and talked for hours. Here I told him all about me. Here, on the last day of May, we high fived and our hands remained a little too long. On the last day of June his hand slipped away. 
	On the last day of June the shadow monster tore off his disguise for he knew it was safe. The shadow monster was not very good at his job. He was a chameleon attracted to the next shiny, new thing. My only sin was that I was shiny and new for far too long. I look now and I wonder if a part of him died or if he was just acting all along. I look now and I can see clearly. I have physics work to do. 
#### The Chair Emporium off of 46:
There is a spacious chair emporium off of 46. <br /> 
From the outside it looks like a manor where ghosts go to rest. Its dark, damp interior is infested with pests. <br/> 
Climbing the hills in his Rav-4 with buttons galore, we narrowly missed crashing into its tall black doors or should I say eye sores. <br/> 
I stare at him with a shock soaked face, but his eyes all but fessed. <br/> 
He shoved the driver's side door open with the bone of his wrist without leaning over first to give me a kiss. <br/> 
I watched him leave the car, something inside him roaring aloud and as if he had seen something profound. His confidence abounds. <br/> 
Here, for the very first time I realized something was amiss. About this chair emporium off of 46. <br/> 
The tall black doors burst open and he starts to fret. <br/> 
I follow his wet trail of sweat. <br/> 
Inside the halls I roam until I hear the moan of Mr. Pail. That whose erection I never fail. <br/> 
My feet carry my motionless mind inside. Carry on carrion the chairs start to wail. <br/>
A bird is perched on a chair over there. She sings the song of the nightingale. <br/> 
As her ballad rings, I see him. Has he grown wings? <br/> 
He sits on a golden chair that is slowly folding causing a tear. His wings spring the chair into the air. <br/> 
I have a wish to leave this chair emporium off of 46, surely that is fair. <br/> 
Do you see my great might? He says. Do you see all these chairs? He says. <br/> 
That one spins and that one wins. That one is sought and that one is not. Do you know which chair is hot and which one rots? He says <br/> 
His cheap word games made my heart weep. <br/> 
How had he gone so deep? <br/> 
Into my skin his words seeped. <br/> 
He had sinned and I don’t know why we had come to this chair emporium off of 46. <br/> 
#### Pierre the Pauper:
Pierre, young man why does your left leg tremble with such interminable vibration. My my my, you naughty voracious youngster your right hand, are you shaking it? Would you believe me if I said no mama? Would you believe me if I said that I was shaking and trembling, and now convulsing on this hard concrete floor because I wanted to see the gleam of your eyes, that which I have not seen in eons. I am unsure mama. I am unsure if white foam pools in my mouth because I want a glance, a sigh, an indication of life from that nimble, delicate body of yours or if my limbs twist out of place because I want them to. I am unsure if I can stop myself mama. I am unsure if I can stop these strange contortions. I am willing for you mama, for your love mama, and I know that if I cannot stop this game of dystopian twister then I must submit the final neckly crack to myself. What kind of son would I be if I let tears extinguish the radiance of your pristine face, mama? 
#### Mr. Mailman:
My mother was engulfed in flames when I was six years old. Sometimes I will hold out my hand to touch her soft, round face but before my tiny fingers can grasp onto the cusp of her face, her body becomes consumed in heat. The dream of her is so tangible, it's so close. But every time my little arms extend to affirm that she is something more than a figment of my imagination, they’re ruthlessly burned by the scornful gods trying me for my sins. Out here, in the void of darkness, there is nothing for me to do but to picture her. Picture her on the beach, at the store picking tomatoes plucked from the best vineyards, on the phone being a coy sabeutoeer with one of the bitchy neighborhood mothers, carrying my brother the size of a grapefruit up the front steps. Vivid images of her infect my mind like a relieving cancer in this abyss of continuous night. I have grown tired of the color black saturating the canvas of my life. All my eyes can see an eternity of the color black. There is nothing about the color that bothers me. It does not fill me with fear any more than dying out in this cold hell does. In fact, it makes me feel absolutely nothing. I stare out in the expanse of black and my mind is mindlessly blank. The color black should be filled up in a syringe and injected into patients awaiting invasive surgery. Out in the cold, there is but one thing keeping my helmet on my head - anticipation. Dear reader, I am anticipating a victory. I am hopeful that the parcel of victory will be left on my front steps in the void. I hope Mr. Mailman can find his way. 
#### Green Goo:
Green goo constantly gushes through my brain. The goo is Poseidon’s mother, the dark expanse of my brain is a ground for her next glow-in-the-dark sea. She discovers the momentary satisfaction that I may feel and infects it with piercing shards of self doubt. She creates channels for desperation to soak into my neural tissue forcing me to chase and chase and chase as she rushes and rushes and rushes. What on earth is she looking for, if not fucking chaos? Streams of chaos with my mouth falling open emitting eerie green light, eyes follow suit, and body convulses. The goo trickles down slowly, pitter pattering on the inside of my skull like rain. It implants itself into my veins and slowly my arms become immovable, my legs untouchable, my stomach involuted, my fingers bent backwards, but my eyes look straight forward. They look forward, but far they cannot see for the goo splatters its juicy intestines across my line of sight. What caustic reaction can dissolve this great infecting goo? Which exterminator is to be called? 
#### Ms. Gupta:
Ms. Gupta I am writing to you today to determine if you are a small speck of dust, undeserving of a glance or if you are a bird waiting to spread her wings and leap. Ms. Gupta I am questioning your character. I am questioning if you are compassionate. I am questioning if you are clear. I am questioning if you are an opportunist. I am questioning if you are part of the dust or if you are diamond within it. Ms. Gupta I am writing to you today to determine if the fates exist. I am writing to you to determine if anything can be done. I am writing to you today to determine if the GOD the overlord is punishing you or if you are punishing yourself. Ms. Gupta I am writing to you today to determine what you believe about yourself. Ms. Gupta, Ms. Gupta, Ms. Gupta. Do you believe you are a sinner? Do you believe you have transgressed? Do you believe you are worthy of any rest? Ms. Gupta I am asking you these questions today because I believe in you - I believe in your beauty, I believe in your charm. I believe you are intelligent without measure and capable of infinite. I think that it's important that you start to believe in yourself again. Does there exist any eternal karma? Can any of this be changed? Or are you stuck in this stupid foray? All these thoughts, they plague your mind - they tell you “stop, do not unwind.” They say oh you misinformed maiden, you do not know how life works. You do know what people want - what people need. They say in the real world there are goblins under every bridge you cross and the goblins never refuse a good meal. They say this is how the world is and then they slowly creep back into their den, under the bridge. They say look Ms. Gupta! Look at the mighty mess you’ve made. You’ve made tsunamis erupt from those desert dry eyes of theirs, you’ve made the Earth crack open Ms. Gupta. You’ve made volcanoes erupt Ms. Gupta. You’ve spun the Earth out of control, you’ve killed all the roses, all the bison. But Ms. Gupta you’ve killed more than just that - you’ve killed their hearts. You’ve killed their hearts. Don’t you hate yourself Ms. Gupta. Do you not think it right to jump into the lava, the crack, the water. Do you not think it right to submerge and suffocate yourself? Do you not think it right Ms. Gupta? 

#### Alexei and Mountains:
“Ms. Gupta I wonder what has caused this great change. What has caused mountains to move from north to south? What has caused all these starts to lose their route?” <br/> <br/>
“What makes you think that no mountains remain Alexei? I see one right over there. It is small in stature and abrasive to touch, but it is a mountain nonetheless. Do you believe we’ve truly won until we have pushed that mountain as well?” <br/> <br/>
“I suppose not Ms. Gupta. Would you like to try your hand or should I?” <br/> <br/>
“I think a foot will suffice for this one Alexei, one swift kick as if it was a soccer ball to be punted from one tip of the rocky sphere to the other.” <br/> <br/>
“Well, it seems you might have your work cut out for you then Ms. Gupta” Alexei says motioning towards the expanse of tiny hills stretching miles. <br/> <br/>
“Well that riles you up doesn’t it Alexei?” 

#### Stick-Man
Tomato red white laced converse. A high pump lifting up a platform strewn in the skin of a leopard. Sleek gray sketchers based by a cloud of white foam. Around me the subway scrapes and tears against the underground walls that constrict the city - those whose tolerances were set too low. A white man the shape of a stick boards the F. He walks like a live action stick figure, his movements painfully dull enough to cause people to look away. He is the most unadorned person I have ever seen, whether his lack of vibrance was caused by force or by choice I would never find out. He moved in a diagonal rectangle, ensuring that the path his steps carved out was nothing but straight. In one crisply carried out motion, his bottom landed on the left most side seat of the subway rack. His back arched up, his posture perfect - everything about his form was straight, not one imperfect curve could be spotted. I sit in the subway seat opposite to him, breathing lightly so as not to cause a bend in him. I observe him, ensuring that the impact of my sight is miniscule. He lifts his right arm, his palm facing my right. He bends his wrist until his palm is facing down and then cleanly sets down his hand on his lap. He repeats this procedure with his other arm, channeling the spirit of a ballerina whose grace has been violently vacuumed out of her. This stick man’s body was so eye wateringly dull, yet so different from the rest. The stick man, unintentionally or intentionally, was uniquely the only person I had ever met to not create a unique presentation of themself. He wore no distinguishing marks, he bore no distinguishing features - all that was interesting about him seemed to be heat dried until all that remained was a perfectly crisp image of himself, one containing no unique imperfections.
#### My Town
Tinsel town has always been my town. I was released from my mother’s womb to run this town - I am the sheriff, I am the don, I am the council, and I am the leader. This is my town and those who have transgressed my written law have no place in my town.  I’ll have the mob gather their bodies and string those twiggy structures to poles. Black runny tar will be stuck to their stick like figures. Feathers plucked from all the town’s chickens will be attached to the slowly drying, quickly corroding tar. My pistol is silver and shoots straight at those who take what is not theirs. I’ll have them fired at for even so much as placing a fond eye towards my town. In the olden days, we created borders for this reason. We created borders to contain each other’s evils. We created borders to not let our evils constructively build until they engulf the world in hatred. Today, you have violated the sacristy of our borders - you have passed into our land and now our evil must consume you. I rule this town. I decide who is shown a pistol and who is shown the white flag. Dear old friend, today I choose to show you a pistol. Space was needed. Space was needed. All that was needed was space for if we came to close, if we touched then this land would lose its scarcity. It would lose its elegance, its uniqueness. Dear friend, you are not worth the sacrifice of my town’s pride. 

### Critiques and Opinions 
#### Artifice and Truth
In the current world climate, the mastery of illusion is useful, but also leads to the displacement of the truth. The way in which one presents themselves to other people undeniably affects the perception that other people have of them. And, society’s perception of an individual can propel that individual in the direction of success or failure. However, this simple fact also gives rise to the utility found in masking one’s self in lies to appeal to those that are influential. This utility incentivises people to displace the truth for personal gain, leading way to a society where a constructed and tempered narrative about an individual is given more value than that individual’s true story. While artifice can lead one to great personal gain, it can also contribute to the societal devaluation of truth. <br/><br/>
An image of Elizabeth Holmes - bright, blonde future billionaire dressed in the same iconic black turtleneck that her Silicon Valley tech forefather, Steve Jobs, wore decades ago - flashes across the television screen. The caption underneath reads, “Elizabeth Holmes: Fraudster Exposed.” Elizabeth Holmes dropped out of Stanford University at age 19 to pursue her biotech startup, Theranos. Her company promised investors a device, which could give patient diagnoses using the data from the blood of one finger pinprick. Her professors at Stanford and many medical experts informed her that such a device was decades away, but she wanted to be the next big thing (obviously, she couldn't do that after age 25). So she started touting fake products to her shareholders and playing up her “ambitious woman” persona. Miraculously, it worked - investors pooled in about 1 billion dollars for Theranos. Eventually, Holmes would come on trial and get sentenced to many years in prison on several counts of both embezzlement and fraud. This young and ambitious woman took artifice to the extreme and she reaped its rewards - for a time Elizabeth Holmes was rich beyond imagination. Even more than that - she was the next Steve Jobs. The utility found in artifice is clearly exemplified in the highs she experiences through weaving a mask from her loom of lies. But, her personal gain came at the expense of fooling her shareholders and investors. It came at the expense of her becoming a fraud. It came at the expense of her devaluing the truth. <br/><br/>
College admissions is a hectic process for most if not all high school students - it can be a competitive, blood-thirsty hunger games. As such people often find themselves embellishing the events of their life to create a narrative which pulls at the heartstrings of the admissions reader to increase their chances of admission. They monopolize on traumatic, tragic events as a means to get into college. There have been cases of people starting clubs in honor of a friend who recently died with the intention of receiving a boost in their college application. There have been instances of people centering entire essays around exaggerated trauma. Students have started to do anything for a narrative - including monopolizing on the death of someone relatively unknown to get into college. And, it works. People that I know, people that my friends at other high schools know have gotten into great college this way. Weaving this mask of lies clearly has benefits - it clearly sets those people who exaggerate up for success. But, the passion found on college campuses will soon be diluted by these opportunistic exaggerators. These exaggerated stories contain blatant lies - and, the college admissions process rewards these lies. It rewards the lies with admission. And so we have found the truth utterly devalued. <br/><br/>
Artifice obviously has inherent value in the contemporary world, but the question is “should it?” Should we reward those who lie? Should we reward frauds? Should we reward manipulators of the truth? Should we accept the claim that truth does not matter? Today, we are doing just that. We are complacent with the death of truth. I hope that tomorrow we are not. 
#### Women in STEM
Women of the world gather - we are pushing mountains to where they need to be, we are welding the fractured two sides into one coin, we are shaping the future like it is the play-doe of our childhood. Women of the world, for the first time in a long time, we are electrified by power - it surges through our bodies and crackles at our fingertips, begging to be used. Women of the world, it is now our chance to fix that which is broken, to clear those muddy prejudices, to alleviate the distresses of our future daughters. Women of the world, bestowed upon our heads today is a crown that is heavy - we are free and with that we are burdened. We are burdened with the responsibility of enacting that change which does not inhibit the advancement of women. We are burdened with the responsibility of taking calculated risks and decisively moving our pawns to victory. We are burdened with the responsibility of being careful - and right now, I’m afraid we are being too hasty, too eager. Too pompous. Women of the world please keep in mind that the very key we use to free ourselves from our shackles may be fashioned into cuffs to shackle us once more. <br/> <br/>
“Mathematician” - a title that, until recently, was bestowed not upon those heads graced with luscious flowing hair. There exist other titles with the aforementioned property, most if not all residing atop the sphere of what the kool kids like to call “STEM.” A true marvel is that creature came to be referred to as a “woman in STEM.” She is a rarity of unprecedented proportions, especially if her drive is consuming, engulfing her mind, body, and soul in a blaze of passion - especially if her desire to learn is birthed of genuine interest. Dear reader, please do not forget that such a woman is a rarity for the unbridled ferocity of her ambition - not because of her gender assignment. However, it is true that even in the broadest sense, “women in STEM” are a scarce commodity. For this, a “woman in STEM” is a sisterless creature. For this, a “woman in STEM” is a creature of surprising existence. For this, a “woman in STEM” draws eyes, draws subconscious judgment. For this, a “woman in STEM” is ostracized. <br/><br/>
Women of the world I would prompt you to gather, to convene in common goal of quelling these feelings of estrangement in our sisters, but it seems that this has already been done and solution hastily arrived at. Indeed to the problem of sisterlessness in STEM, the addition of more women in STEM is an apt solution. However, from this solution arises a question of precarious nature - how do we go about adding women to STEM? How do we prompt more women to join STEM? Sometime during the last 50 years a coalition of women met and decided that the optimal way to introduce more women into STEM is to thrust STEM atop every young lassy of the new generation. Our methods of thrusting are varied - sometimes we choose to tailor programs specifically towards women, and other times we celebrate the victory of a woman in STEM with pompous praise earned for her gender assignment. With all of our recent efforts, we hope to normalize the existence of a woman in STEM. We hope for her to be accepted with no subconscious judgment and without ostracization - we hope to make her belong in STEM. But sisters, surely you see that we have arrived at a contradiction - our efforts may add more women into STEM, but they are also further ostracizing those already repudiated. Our solution to the problem of female ostracization has to be more nuanced than simply adding more women into STEM using the brute force tactic of aggressively thrusting STEM atop exclusively women. 
#### Adulting:
It’s called adulting. Older and bolder with an ache in your shoulder; I know you don’t know what I mean, but you’re not gonna know till you turn 18 - it’s called adulting. Today I told my favorite self proclaimed mess in the world of the attractiveness found in not being a mess - in aforementioned “adulting.” Phineas and Ferb not only traveled to the stars sizzling above but also to the core of man at the ripe, tender age of “yes, yes I am.” To formalize this handy technology handed to me by gods running the heavenly Disney channel, I provide examples of that without which one could not adult. Adulting (done right) demands clear articulations of ideas from both yourself and your peers. Adulting (done right) demands attempting to attain a confidence level reflective of the accuracy in one’s claims. Adulting (done right) demands determining with utmost care and precision that which you are responsible for. Adulting (done right) is a venture in rationality devoid of emotion, a venture in truth seeking, a venture in determining, using past contemplation, what one ought to do. <br/><br/>
Dear reader, I’m terrified of adulting incorrectly because I am surrounded by so many of those whom (I think) adult incorrectly. Those red brick walls enclose no shortage of teachers and students that lack articulative clarity in their emotion driven claims - that don’t seek the precise truth, but instead seek a star in the sky to point to as an emblem of that which is right. In this sense, I am surrounded by those adulting in a mediocre fashion - my wish is that I do not become mediocre through relation to these people. My worries are twofold - I fear not only becoming more mediocre, but also an inability to become less mediocre. From the graduation of BH and AK, these worries compound - I will be left entirely without anyone actively adulting. As yearbook staff colloquially would say, I will have to pick up “the torch” - and that too alone. I fear “the torch” passing me by, my grip too loose to grasp tightly onto it. I fear failing to be an adult without my companions - I fear the effects of being in an environment lacking those that adult. All I know now is I can’t wait to be older and bolder even if I have an ache in my shoulder.

#### High School: 
Real passion is the miniscule diamond in an expansive sea of zirconia. An undying love for a subject which one wishes to study is rare, but arguably imperative for sustained commitment. A reasonable assumption from here is that students who are fiercely passionate about a field of study should be given resources to excel and increase their utility for the greater good of society. Instead, students have found their passions stymied by the often authoritarian and oppressive structure of contemporary high school. Rules made to stifle the actions of the few are applied to the masses without a care or a second thought. High school, in many instances, has become somewhat of an intellectually boring prison for students who have a clear and set path in life. With its onslaught of arbitrary deadlines and class times, unmethodical assignments, restrictive regulations, and uninteresting course schema, to the fiercely passionate student, high school’s utility is nonexistent. <br/> <br/>
	Swamped with not only work which they have sought out to further their passion, but also homework from an academically rigorous course load and stripped of eight hours a day, the circumstances of a passionate youth can quickly become plightful. They are faced with the option of either impeding their passion, their social life and mental health, or their grades. While eight hours of the day dissolve into the vacuum there is no time to focus on all three. Trying to create a balancing act between grades, passion, and social/mental health is virtually impossible due to the way in which high school is structured and taught. This lack of balance arises due to a lack of time in the life of a passionate student - eight hours of mentally unstimulating school a day. What can be done though? Teachers must teach all the allotted course material to their students over the course of the school year. A better structured high school curriculum could accomplish the main teaching goals of contemporary education in a more time efficient manner. For example, at Morris Hills High School, students are made to attend 90 minute blocks in which the teachers usually present some kind of uninteresting slideshow for the first 30 minutes of class then proceeds to have some form of discussion with the class, and finally allots the rest of the class time to work on a boring exercise. At least 45 minutes from that block could be shaved down and made more useful if one throws away the uninteresting slideshow and instead comes up with the conclusions which the slideshow presents in a collaborative manner. Research has shown that students remember information they were forced to conjure up themselves more effectively therefore this change is almost a no-brainer. Another change high schools could implement would be to run classes on a semester schedule like many colleges and universities do. Currently, high school is structured in a way that almost no other real world system is structured. Four to five ninety minute classes with a lunch break half that length shoved somewhere in between for five days a week. Students stay primarily stationary in a chair for 8 hours with very little time to socialize or further their passions unrelated to school. The life of a high school student is that without freedom to stimulating work and constraint, to put it bluntly, uninteresting work. Perhaps I should be quieted and shunned into a corner for suggesting that high school’s goal should not be to teach students how to be complacent with dullness—but I suggest it nevertheless. <br/> <br/>
	The utility of the modern high school education system is obsolete for most students that have a strong passion for a field of study. High school strips a passionate student of time and energy to try and accomplish a goal which it fails to accomplish in the end. Furthermore, high school does not prepare students with a strong passion for their version of the real world. It is time that releasing passionate high school students from a penitentiary that does not suit them is normalized. 


#### Marcus Tullius Cicero and AI (trust):

Marcus Tullius Cicero was a man of many words (a thing we have in common). He was a knock-your-socks-off type orator, and let me tell you—he packed a better right hook than Mike Tyson. Naturally, then, when his adversary, Lucius Sergius Catilina, threatened to blow his head off, Cicero fired up his pen and called Catilina out on his blasphemy. “Quō ūsque tandem abūtere, Catilina, patientia nostra?” Latin for, “When, O Catilina, do you mean to cease abusing our patience.” A line so versatile it can be used to bring down dictators and ex-boyfriends all at once (hopefully, your ex-boyfriend is not a dictator). Some people prefer keying cars, some throwing hands; I prefer standing up on my high and mighty pedestal, my cafeteria table, and reciting one of the best speeches known to mankind. It was one small stroke for Cicero, but it was a massive leap for the genre of comeback literature. <br/> <br/>
I seem to have forgotten to explain the story behind Cicero’s scandalous speech. Let me amend that with a speedy dive. Cicero and Catilina were playing politics in some 63 BC, trying to beat each other for the consulship. Catilina, the trite and vindictive fellow he is, decided to bribe the other senators for a vote, but Cicero quickly caught wind. This initiated a series of highly aggressive exchanges (murder attempts) between Cicero and Catalina, eventually ending with Catalina attempting to burn down Rome after losing consulship to Cicero. Not all hope was lost, though, for Cicero may not have muscle, but he sure as hell has a lot of wits. Cicero assembled senators at the Temple of Jupiter Stator, with ever-ballsy Catilina in attendance. There, Cicero gave the First Catilinarian Oration, decimating Catilina with a flick of his tongue. <br/> <br/>
Now, I love this speech. It’s quite an exciting, exotic piece of literature. Cicero is over the top, almost obsessive; every single line delivers a punch more painful than the last. He seems as much of a perfectionist as I (nearly as crazy too). For his time, Cicero seems to be a man without fear; perhaps that’s why I admire him so much. I think our similarities would have made us great friends, a real dynamic duo roaming the streets of Rome. His work is simply exhilarating to read because he is not afraid to have a catfight. And so, it is he that I feel should be in the greatest catfight to land a spot in the history books—Cicero vs. Artificial Intelligence. 
Artificial Intelligence is obviously very good at storing and analyzing data, but surprisingly, it is also remarkably artistic. From illustrious, abstract paintings to music that speaks to the soul, AI can create art, perhaps even better than humans can. We always associate art with an expression of emotion (we humans are often powered by emotions). But to see a being with no emotion, nothing except data, creating art raises the question: does good art need emotion? <br/> <br/>
Now, this is not a death proclamation; robots are not going to eat us yet (although AI Safety is very important and should be looked into); instead, it is a battle proposition. Cicero is a wonderful orator, probably the greatest of his time, and because of this, he has no real human competition. So I propose a catfight. The location: The Colosseum (obviously). The topic: are AIs safe? Cicero takes the negative, while the AI in question takes the positive. The two obvious outcomes: nuclear death for an entire world of ungrateful humans at the hands of the AI or the production of another verbal euthanasia delivered by Cicero. Instead of spears, there will be words; instead of swords, there will be logic; instead of arrows, there will be vindictive comebacks. The faceoff might settle the question—can a creature using solely data create better art than a creature using emotion? Who knows, maybe if we find a way to bring Cicero back from the land of the beheaded, I will be atop a cafeteria table somewhere in 2093 reciting the second-greatest speech in all of history to some crank who pissed me off—the great Artificalis Orations. 




### Jazz Music
https://open.spotify.com/album/5SNc8uwbqPHFxpdOsV808z
https://open.spotify.com/album/03zH4bkGb2jSZAQIVW2px1
https://open.spotify.com/album/5QQFMFtFNHuBtBTNBERWik
https://open.spotify.com/album/47tKcVja6zGErYiYRoAoTk?highlight=spotify:track:2VachsOXvUkifrCwg5ANyn

### A Disarray of Play Scenes

#### Kia
A cubic prison is set up with one apparent door and two hidden doors. It is open to the audience. On the left and right of the square there is a car. Above the cubic prison there is a platform on which redacted and extra redacted eat food and talk. 
Kia is hauled in like cargo by two officers dressed in blinding white and bloody red. She is gripped fiercely by the arms, one of an officer draped underneath hers. Kia is terrifyingly submissive, her eyes look devoid of hope, almost as if she had paid the officers to do what they would do next. She is thrown aggressively against the concrete floor, but stays splayed in precisely the position she hit the floor in. The officers glance at Kia for a moment, a sparkle of pity and a gleam of embarrassment for her in their eyes. Almost as if they’re laughing underneath their mask, they exit using the door behind them. They move in opposite directions and enter their respective cars. 

More notes: she should have the option to escape, but choose to lay down and die by the motion of the car.

#### Cafe Scene
Nate: “How was the audition?” <br/> <br/> 
Nora: “Bullshit, but that’s Hollywood right? Can’t be helped in the city of angels and broken dreams” <br/><br/> 
Nate: “You’re really one for spunky bullshit like that eh?” <br/><br/> 
Nora: “Oh you haven’t seen the half it Mr. Redacted, I can sing poetry for you at the drop of a hat. Make you swoon at my feet just like that.” <br/><br/> 
Nate: “Ah! I’ve found Syvia Plath reincarnate it seems. What other talents are you hiding up those sleeves of yours?” <br/><br/> 
Nora: “Do you sing Mr. Redacted?” <br/><br/> 
Nate: “Everyone sings Nora, the better question is where do I sing” <br/><br/> 
Nora: “What a revelation, must I now bow down to your superior question posing abilities? Fine, Redacted where do you sing?” <br/><br/> 
Nate: “Well I sing in the shower. I sing in the streets. I sing in my dreams. I sing in the kitchen. I sing at work. I sing at coffee shops. And I sing with you Nora. I sing with you. Take me hand now and let’s fly.” <br/> <br/> 
Nora: “Enough! You’re really the one for spunky bullshit” <br/><br/> 
Nate: “Nora + Nate let’s plaster it on a sign and get wed” <br/><br/> 
